Update Doc Links (#446)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/controls/InAppNotification.md

    Here is the list of existing styles :

  - [Microsoft Edge notification style](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/master/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/InAppNotification/Styles/MSEdgeNotificationStyle.xaml)

      ![Microsoft Edge notification style](../resources/images/Controls/InAppNotification/MicrosoftEdge-Notification-Style.png)

>   - [Visual Studio Code notification style](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/master/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/InAppNotification/Styles/VSCodeNotificationStyle.xaml)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Visual Studio Code notification style](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.0.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/InAppNotification/Styles/VSCodeNotificationStyle.xaml)

```

## Default Template

> [InAppNotification XAML File](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/master/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/InAppNotification/InAppNotification.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.

Author: ```suggestion
[InAppNotification XAML File](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.0.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/InAppNotification/InAppNotification.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.

```
